Made changes to grammar and wording (#117)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/10.Components/03.Forms/02.Progressive Profiling/docs.en.md

---
This feature was added in Mautic 2.1.0.

> Progressive profiling is a powerfull feature used to reduce the length of forms by hiding all the fields which are already known. This will prevent your contacts from feeling overwhelmed by massive forms and will even reduce the time it takes to fill out a form if fields are already known to your Mautic instance and thus are hidden for the contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Progressive profiling is a powerful feature used to reduce the length of forms by hiding all the fields which are already known. This will prevent your contacts from feeling overwhelmed by massive forms and will even reduce the time it takes to fill out a form if fields are already known to your Mautic instance and thus are hidden for the contact.
```

## Configuration

There are two ways to configure a form field to only display when the asked values are unknown. 

> First, choose the form that you want to use for progressive profiling. Go to the form fields and open the field configuration of the field you want to use progressive profiling. Maneuver to the __Behavior__ tab, here you can configurate the behaviour of the fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, choose the form that you want to use for progressive profiling. Go to the form fields and open the field configuration of the field you want to use for progressive profiling. Change to the __Behavior__ tab, here you can configure the behaviour of the fields.
```

> Note: We recommend to always use the email field, even thought it might already to known, because Mautic uses the email as an unique identifier for contacts. Also the submit button field must be always visible because otherwise the form can not be submitted by the contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: We recommend to always use the email field, even though it might already known, because Mautic uses the email as a unique identifier for contacts. Also the submit button field must be always visible because otherwise the form can not be submitted by the contact.
```

#### 1. Show when value exists

> If this option is turned to "No", Mautic checks if the value for this field exists in the databank or if the value was provided in a former form submission already. If a value is found, the field won`t be displayed in the form. If this option is turned to "Yes", Mautic will show the field regardless whether a value is found or not. The default configuration for this option is "Yes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this option is set to "No", Mautic checks if the value for this field exists in the database or if the value was provided in a former form submission already. If a value is found, the field won't be displayed in the form. If this option is set to "Yes", Mautic will show the field, regardless whether a value is found or not. The default configuration for this option is "Yes".
```
